Paymaster worker update (#135)
codex-team/hawk.workers: workers/paymaster/README.md

# Worker / Paymaster

> Daily checks need to purchase a plan if today is pay day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Daily checks if we need to charge money for the workspace tariff plan.
```

### DailyCheckEvent

> When receives DailyCheckEvent worker goes through workspaces and check if today is a payday.

Reviewer: почему все завязано на daily? Это может быть любой промежуток времени
